[Jake] Problem is, when you
kidnap a child, you're stuck with 'em.
You gotta feed 'em. keep 'em quiet.
They're a pain in the ass.
Yeah, guess he would've been,
if we'd kept him alive.
He was in the ground before we even sent
the ransom note. Makes it a lot cleaner.
Quiet. The guard's
coming this way.
Keep it down,
all of you.
Had a bad dream.
Shut up and sleep.
Someday I'll put him to sleep...
permanently.
Hmm?
[gasping]
[screaming]
What the hell?
I thought I told you guys to shut up.
[gasping]
[theme music]
[photographer]
Yes, nice! Now we're talkin'.
Okay, do that thing with your hair
that you do! Ooh!
Fierce! Woo! Okay, now, look at me,
but don't look at me. That's it!
Use that emotion! Love it! Good! Oh!
This issue is gonna sell like crazy!
You are a phenom!
My best work yet.
Hmmm...
[chuckles]
He's so hot.
We'll just be focusing on Barnaby today.
Don't worry about the other one.
[photographer] Right! Got it!
[Barnaby] Aw, don't leave the old man out,
you'll hurt his feelings.
Hmm?
Hmm...
[chuckling]
That's it! There we go!
Oh, yeah, very nice! Very, very nice!
[laughing]
-Yes! Yes!
-[Barnaby] What's so funny?
Huh? Oh! Uh...
I was just readin' the funny pages,
they kill me! [laughing]
Wait a minute.
I've seen these guys before...
What guys?
Hey, yeah, you're right.
I'm surprised you remember them.
Most people would.
Yeah, well, when you've busted
as many bad guys as I have,
they all start to blend together.
Yeah, or your
memory's going. Hm?
[Tiger] Says here they
were burned alive.
Gee, what a shame.
That's all you can say?
What else is there?
That's a hell
of an attitude.
Three men died! Doesn't
matter who they are!
Hmm?
I thought it was our job to save
people's lives! That's what a hero does!
Save the sermons for
someone who wants to listen!
[Lloyds] No, no problem at all.
I'll have Wild Tiger head over right away.
Hm?
No, sorry. I'm afraid
Barnaby's tied up at the moment.
You'll have to make do
with Wild Tiger.
Yes, yes. He's quite resilient.
Mr. Lloyds?
What's goin' on?
[Tiger screaming]
Make the flame hotter.
If you insist.
[struggling]
No, we're still not there yet.
It should be hotter, much hotter.
What a sadist!
[struggling]
He's going to melt the
whole prison in a minute.
All right, that's enough.
Whatever you say.
[struggling]
[gasping]
Water!
[gulping]
Too hot for you, honey?
Hey, man. Did you have
to lay it on so heavy?
Excuse me. I'm just trying to clear
myself of a murder charge, that's all.
How's it look?
Still don't have
enough data.
All right, one more time.
One more time?
It's that or Fire Emblem will have to be
suspended from the show.
And you really think all this
will clear him of any suspicion?
It might, if we can reenact the events of
last night and then compare the data.
And my word's not good
enough for you?
There's nothing we know of that could have
produced flames of such intensity.
So it's natural to suspect that whoever
produced them
wasn't a normal human, but a NEXT.
Yes, somebody a lot like
you, in fact.
I am really not
enjoying this.
Well, I'm not a big fan of it either.
Why do I have to be put through this?
Can't you just use a dummy or something?
[whispering]
Say what?
Huh?
[whispering]
Hee!
Glad you're amused.
Oh, so you're an
opera fan, really?
Yes, that's something
I picked up from my parents.
Aw, it's sweet
the way you talk about them.
You must've loved them very much.
Now, do you have any
particular dislikes?
Uh, are there things
you don't like?
Flames... I don't like fire.
[reporter]
Are you okay? Can we keep going?
Sure.
So, what's your favorite
part of that outfit?
Hmm... the belt?
[Fire Emblem] Not enough data?
Unbelievable! How much data do they need?
And meanwhile, I'm
suspended from HERO TV!
Same time tomorrow. You, too.
Huh?
We continue the tests
till we get to the bottom of this.
You gotta be kidding me.
The sooner we clear his name,
the sooner we get him back on the show.
Understand?
But what do you need me for?
Maybe we'll just hand you
over to the cops, how's that?
I almost think you'd do that.
So, do you think they're right
and that a NEXT is behind it?
Oh, it's scary to think that
there's someone out there
with even more sizzle than I have.
[cheering]
Hmm?
[gasping]
[guard] Quick! We got trouble
trouble on the yard!
[Tiger] Get back!
I got ya! I got ya! Hang in there, buddy!
Hey! Hey!
Hey! Come on, buddy.
No. No...
So, tell me. What did you guys see?
I--I dunno. It all
went down so fast.
Anybody see what happened here?
Huh?
[trembling]
Damn!
[man]
Nope, I never seen anything like that.
And you've never heard
the name Ouroboros?
Mm-mm. Sorry.
Okay. Thanks.
This symbol, have you
ever seen one like it anywhere?
Dear me. I'm afraid not. No.
So you're positive. You're sure
it doesn't mean anything to you?
Sorry.
I finally found you,
I'm not letting you get away!
Hey, get back--!
Not until he tells me what those symbols
mean! You know! Please tell me!
Ouroboros!
[Agnes] Well, at least this second attack
clears you of any suspicion.
So they're sure it's the same perp
who fried the three others?
Same method, same location.
Who else could it be?
Hm.
[Tiger] Hey, can you pull over
and let me off here?
[Fire Emblem] Really? But we're not
even close to your place.
Yeah, I know,
but I feel like taking a walk. Thanks.
[Fire Emblem] You gonna be
all right, honey?
[Tiger] Sure, I'll be fine.
Say there. You sure you don't want
some company tonight?
Huh?
A warm body to snuggle up to?
Thanks, but you're not exactly my type.
You're too tall!
Well, fine then!
Your loss!
[honking horn]
[Opera music plays]
[gasping]
[music continues]
It's no good. I can't remember.
Mr. Saito, come in! Where's that damn suit
when I really need it?
Why the hell doesn't he answer?
Mr. Saito?
-Mr. Saito?
-[Barnaby] No, it's me.
Huh?
I don't appreciate you
messing around with my phone.
What?
Don't ever do it again, okay?
It's not funny. Goodbye.
Hey, wait! Wait--!
Skip the apologies.
Who's apologizing? I'm under attack
by some giant robot thingy!
Yeah, right.
It's true, dammit! And
I don't have my suit--
Look, I'm not falling for
any more of your pranks, okay? Bye.
Wait! Bunny!
Bunny? Oh, crap.
Whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa!
Okay, that does it!
[grunting]
See ya!
Huh?
Ooh!
Hey, wait! Hold on! Come back!
Well, well. You changed
your mind about my offer?
Don't flatter yourself.
Take a look back there!
Hm?
What in the world--?
Hey! What the hell you doing,
this is my car!
Go on! Use your powers!
Fry that bastard!
You have powers too,
don't you?
Yeah, I know, but I don't wanna waste 'em,
I may need them later!
The whole point of
having powers is to save people!
Yes, so use yours
to save me.
Huh?
Out of ammo?
Let's find out.
Nope, definitely not!
Well, I guess I have no choice... Fire!
You've got to be kidding!
Hit the deck!
Whatever that thing is, it just snuffed
my flames like they were nothing!
So maybe we've found
the guy responsible for the murders.
Could be.
One way to find out.
Let's get him out of that contraption.
He's coming...
I'll try and distract him.
I'll draw his fire
while you find his weak spot.
Uh, okay.
Get going!
[grunting]
Ooh, you are so butch.
All right! Come on outta
there, you--!
Hold on, I know you--
Reinforcements.
Well, whattaya know.
What the--?
I was wondering if you were gonna show up.
Nice of you to fit me into your schedule.
Don't get too excited,
I didn't come here for your sake.
I know, it was for my
sake you came, wasn't it?
Nope, honestly, I didn't
even know you were here.
Oh.
So where's the culprit?
He got away.
Damn, I was hoping to
earn some points.
Gee, I'm real
sorry about that.
What? You've seen that man before?
Yeah... I have.
[Fire Emblem] When? Where?
I'm tryin' to remember.
I met him somewhere.
We're wasting our time
here, it's hopeless.
The old man's memory is going,
he can't even remember faces.
Will you shut up?
You know, I think handsome has a point.
You're not much help, are you?
In fact, come to think of it,
I don't know how he puts up with you.
Weren't you the one who just offered
to spend the night snuggling with me?
He's crazy!
I swear to you, there's nothing
going on between us. Nothing!
Like I said. This is a waste of time,
I'm leaving.
Good.
Wait, I'm coming with!
[whispering]
Huh? Say what?
That's right! Where the hell were you?
I almost got myself killed.
[whispering]
Huh?
You poor guy.
What the hell is going on with all
the elevators in this town, anyway?
[gasping]
I just fixed it.
Thank you, Mr. Saito!
I just remembered!
Where I've seen that guy!
Oh?
He's the worker who was coming outta the
elevator right before the bomb scare!
You lost me.
And he came after you,
because--
Mmm-hmm.
Let's go.
Where? What?
I can't stand being
kept in the dark!
Come on, Bunny.
Would you step on it?
What use are you going to be anyway,
without your powers?
You've got an hour before
you get them back, don't you?
Eh, who cares about that?
Look, I'm gonna nail this creep
if I have to do it with my bare hands!
Sorry to interrupt this macho banter,
but will someone tell me what's going on?
The perp in question is trying to silence
any witnesses who saw him
at the scene of the bomb scare.
Were there others?
Who else was there?
Agnes and the cameraman.
All right, but I need the final edit on my
desk first thing in the morning, got it?
Heh.
What the hell?
What are you doing?
[screaming]
You all right?
Barnaby!
Looks like we got here
just in time.
You again...
Safe and sound.
Just who is this guy?
Later, honey. Right now,
we've gotta get you out of here.
I'll finish all of ya!
[grunting]
What's wrong? That all you've got?
Nice work, handsome!
Hey, how come you
always get the spotlight?
Be my guest. There aren't
any points involved.
Huh? Oh. Okay.
The party's over, you low-life scumbag!
We're taking you in!
Then stop showing off and
take me in, ya jackass.
[gasping]
[Barnaby] Ouroboros.
You made a big mistake
tangling with me, punk.
I'm gonna--- hey, what are you doing?
You said I could handle this.
That tattoo on your neck.
It's an Ouroboros, isn't it?
What is it? Some kind of
crime syndicate?
Where's the man who
wears that mark on his hand?
[gasping]
Answer me!
Heh.
Hey, hey, hey, wait.
What are you gonna do?
Out of my way.
All right, just calm down.
What's eatin' you?
Stay out of it!
They're at it again.
Honestly.
You're like an old
married couple.
[Agnes gasping]
Take off those masks and
put your hands in the air!
I'll blow her head off, I swear.
Okay, okay...
The other guy, too.
Now!
Hey.
Better do it.
There we go.
What's your
game, anyway?
Why'd you kill those guys
in the prison cell?
How the hell do they fit into all of this?
What?
And the one this morning. Why?
I don't know what
you're talkin' about.
Don't play dumb
with me, come on!
I said I don't know!
I'm gonna do you first!
[Agnes grunting]
What on earth was that?
Is it human?
[theme music]